Welcome back.
This was probably an exercise that sounded a lot more complicated than it actually was.
So hopefully most of you were able to solve it if you didn't by the time you watch this video you're
going to say to yourself oh that was so simple I should've figured it out.
So don't worry we'll get there.
Let's see how we can do that well if we go to Hacker News you might notice something when you click
on more when you click on more you actually get a new you are all here with.
Well you see the query string which is a question mark here that says Pete too.
So if I do p equals three here we go to pastry.
We go to page four and so on and so forth.
So all we actually need is just this link and all we need to do is go all the way up to our code.
Let's minimize this for now and simply just duplicate what we've just done.
We grab a second response and this response will be requests start get.
And this link with page two from here we simply grab this soup and recreate it as soup to and that's
going to be from the response to the text again.
What we'll do here is We'll duplicate this code.
And again if you notice that this could be more efficient maybe we can extract this into a function
that's good you sound to notice these things so here we're just going to do links to subtext to well
you'll grab from our soup too and well soup to and we can now just combine these two things by simply
calling let's call it mega links which will combine these links with the second links.
So we're combining the two pages and we'll do the same for mega subtext
which you'll be subtext plus subtext to and because we've written our code in nice functions all we
need to do now is replace our parameters.
Right.
All we need to do at the bottom here is say mega links and mega subtext.
If I see this this should now work.
Let's have a look
go and classic me made a bit of a spelling error.
If we go over here it's not moving the subtext.
It's mega subtext let's run this again you'll see here that it takes a little bit longer.
Again because we're going to two pages.
But look at that.
We have our hacker news using two pages.
You can see that it's clearly longer and we have a story here with nine hundred and fifty one votes.
I should I should definitely read that.
How to access quality of garments sounds very important.
And there you have it you have now just covered the basics of scraping as you can see it's very specific
to a Web site that you want to scrape.
Remember you want to check to make sure that A you are able to scrape the Web sites by checking the
terms and conditions of that Web site and robots dot text and try to use the data in well not nefarious
ways.
Be nice be ethical in the next video we're going to talk a little bit about how to expand on this and
what you might want to try if you want to get more and more involved with web scraping.
I'll see you on that one by.